Few of my decisions (rules) made. (These are decisions.. I m not asking anybody here for opinions. So, everything is already finalised)

1) Don't think about changing name or the slogan. That is not going to happen. But there can be a change in LOGO until we get a very good one but no change for now.

2) The Core Team is subdivided into various parts already. So, any person in domain X cannot interfere with decisions made in domain Y and the heads in the respective domain will have their own rights but any final decision made will come to me and will be finalized by me since i don't want the team to come up with their own ideas and implement it without any consultation.

3) Anyone can be removed from Tech Ahoy if he/she is not found to do any productive work for it and the decisions of removal will be taken at a common meeting and the person can be in Core team/Execution Team/any other subcategories in Tech Ahoy and when any person is removed, proper justification is to be given for removal.

4) Attendance system will be followed regularly from now for both Core Team & Execution Team and the Core Team attendance will be monitored by me and the execution team by the respective heads. Justifiable reasons are entertained but the respective person (even if he/she is member of Core Team) will be removed from the Team in case of any shortage. (A person can be absent for a maximum of 15 days in an year which excludes medical reasons. Set after proper calculations.)

5) Setting of prices will be done by the respective heads of the domain during every deal according to the orders received and the amount of work to be done and the time required for the work. The price will be later finalized by me after discussions (if required).

6) The finance team will monitor all the transactions taking place and prepare budget schemes but will not have the right to set/modify prices for any of the services. Proper Receipts are to be maintained for every transaction taking place and if an individual spends money for the company from his/her pocket, a refund can be requested from the company with proper receipts and if the reason for the expenditure is proper and was informed to the team, refunds will be granted within a limited period of time.

7) All the income received will go to a pool i.e. a bank account which will be managed by me and monitored by the finance team. So, any request for funds has to be done to the team and if the reason is justifiable, funding will be provided to the respective domain and every transaction will be recorded. I take the complete responsibility in case of any discrepancies in this case as the account is managed by me. A minimum balance will be maintained in the account and any withdrawal beyond the min. balance is not allowed in any case.

8) The ownership of the company will be solely in my hands but the profits will be shared among the team (which may include execution team at a later stage i.e. after sufficient profits) and the sharing of the profits wont be in equal proportions and will depend on the dedication the person has for the company, work he/she does, regularity, punctuality for training, development and meetings, feedback received from the team regarding the individual, leadership quality he/she has and many other parameters. The registration of the company will be made as soon as possible and I am working on all the legal clauses involved with that.

9) The team will start sharing incomes once there is sufficient funding in the bank account i.e. (Min. balance+X Rs.+Y Rs.) where the amounts X and Y will be decided at a later stage. X is the amount to be retained in the bank account along with the minimum balance and Y is the money which may either be shared with the team or used for any development of Tech Ahoy.

10) The meeting which happen hereafter will be properly organized and options for timings and location will be according to the team's convenience. Every person must be given their own space to speak up in the meeting no matter he/she blabbers or not. There will be freedom to speech but the decisions will be taken after proper discussions if required with the team.